AITA for refusing to make lasagna for Christmas after what my MIL did last year?
I (30f) have been together with my husband Michael (31m) for 7 years. Married for 3 and dating for 4. My MIL (58f) has always hosted Christmas ever since I've known him.I've always made lasagna for Christmas and other special occasions. I'm essentially the family lasagna maker, and I honestly don't really mind since I love to cook and bake.However, last year my MIL decided to make lasagna based off what she saw me doing when she was at my house and a receipe she she got off the internet. I was surprised that she prepared a pan of her own, but didn't say anything and even got a small piece.It did not taste good, and it was barely touched whilst mine had almost half gone near the end of the dinner. That infuriated my MIL, and she wound up doing a rant about how everyone loves me more than her and tried to throw my lasagna in the trash. I say tried because it mainly ended up on the floor.Michael and I quickly left after that, and my MIL has not apologized for it since.Yesterday she called me to confirm what I was making for Christmas this year, and on her list of things I should make was lasagna.I politely said I wasn't going to make lasagna due to last year's incident and I'd be happy to make anything else. my MIL wasn't as polite and called me vindictive for refusing to make the lasagna over a small mistake.I just refused again and it made my MIL angrier so she told me that unless I show up with lasagna in hand, she wouldn't let me be at  the Christmas celebration.My husband says its easier to just make the lasagna to keep the peace, and I shouldn't hold my MIL's mistake that she made out of anger against her.Word got to my SIL and BIL from my MIL and they're saying I should also make it even if it's just half of what I would usually make.
Not the A-hole
AITA for asking my college classmate about her pubic hair?
So last weekend, at college, my roommate invited a bunch of people into our dorm, a mix of girls and guys, and we were all drinking, and somehow the conversation got to a point where one of the girls (who I know, we're not close friends, but we definitely had a friendly acquaintance relationship, at least until this incident) asked me if I was circumsised. I felt the question was invasive and personal so I responded, "what's your pubic hair situation", trying to give her a taste of her own medicine so that she would see how it feels to be asked an invasive question about your private area (and my question was less personal than hers - it was about a styling decision, which is done of your own volition and easily changeable, as opposed to something you had no say in and have no way to change) and hopefully realize she had overstepped the line, but instead she just blushed and ran out of the dorm room.Now my roommate is mad at me and wants me to apologize to her, but I don't think I did anything wrong here - if she doesn't like having me ask her questions about her private area, she shouldn't be asking me questions about mine.Was I in the wrong here?
Not the A-hole
AITA for not changing my dog's name when my new neighbor's child had the same name?
I (36M) am the owner of a Great Pyr/Australian Cattle Dog mix named Charlotte (6F). I live in a lower-middle class suburb in an unspecified United State. I have lived here for about a year now, and I let Charlotte out to go potty roughly six or so times a day. It's always the same routine: I open the back door, Charlotte runs outside to pee and "patrol" the yard (apparently it's a Pyr thing), and doesn't typically come bounding back to the door until I poke my head out and call her name.About a week or two ago (maybe longer if I didn't notice) new neighbors moved in across my back alley. I had no intentions of interacting with them whatsoever, like ever, except today when I was executing the last step of Charlotte's aforementioned potty protocol.I stuck my head out and called her name, but this time, alongside the familiar sounds of my dog galloping up the porch steps, was an adult human voice shouting something along the lines of "WHY ARE YOU CALLING MY DAUGHTER??" At first I thought it might just be my new neighbors getting into a spat, until a couple minutes later I heard pounding on my front door.I opened the door to an angry man about twice my size glaring me down. He said something like "Why the eff are you calling my daughter into your house" and I responded "Your daughter's name is Charlotte?" and he just kind of kept glaring at me?? In absence of a response I followed up with "Charlotte is my dog's name, dude" and he rolled his eyes at me and said I "better" change my dog's name because he doesn't want his daughter (2F) getting confused and running into my house.I told him that's not going to happen because not only did my dog have the name first, we also lived here first, plus I don't like strangers making demands of me before even attempting to be polite. What I DIDN'T say but really wanted to say is that teaching his child stranger danger is his responsibility, not mine.He called me stupid and said that a human child obviously has priority over a dog for a name. I shut the door in his face and stared at him through the peephole for a moment before he eventually walked back to his house.This last potty break, I went out with Charlotte and stayed in the yard with her until she finished her business, but this guy just kind of stood in his yard with his arms crossed and glared at me the entire time.TLDR: I think it's unfair that this father demands I change my dog's name just because he chose the same name for his kid [RUDE AND UNNECESSARY COMMENT REDACTED]. But on the other hand, most humans think humans have priority over dogs for just about everything. AITA?
Not the A-hole
AITA for cancelling my daughter's birthday celebration?
EDIT: He was adopted a year back._________________________________________________________________It was my daughter Rachel's (11 F) birthday yesterday. I have another child, Ethan, (10 M) who's adopted. Rachel insists that he's not a "proper" member of family as he's not related to us. My wife Emily and I had attempted to convince her (although it was mostly I who did), but it had not worked so we gave it up.We had planned to have lunch at a restaurant and we took the car. Ethan wanted to sit in front, but Rachel told him "Sorry, but only proper members of the family get to sit in front, and you're not really their child."He was shocked, and I asked her to take back what she had said, but my wife asked me to not start an argument as it was her birthday. Ethan did sit back with Emily in the back, and so I did not argue.We went to the restaurant, and she wanted an expensive dish. I ordered it, and Ethan said that he wants the same stuff. But Rachel did not like that, she said:"You want an expensive dish when he's not even your Dad in reality? I'd have thought you'd be more grateful as your parents are dead and you're adopted now."I asked her to apologize immediately as I could see that it had really hurt him, but she just shrugged and said, "Well, if you want to have it, go ahead. I don't care anyway." But I told her "You are going to care because your birthday's cancelled, we're headed back." I asked them to head back to the car and she yelled at me and said she was just joking, that I cannot do that, etc.We had a really huge argument but in the end I got back them back to the car. My wife says that although what she said was distasteful, cancelling her birthday was extremely uncalled for and she's mad at me for having ruined her day completely.AITA?
Not enough info POO Mode
AITA for not defending my wife wanting to attend a funeral with our baby, thus causing her to miss it?
My wife and I have a 6-month-old baby girl. Due to postpartum anxiety, which she is being treated for, my wife struggles with leaving our daughter with anyone outside myself or my mother, who lives with us. This hasn’t been an issue thus far and as I said, she’s in therapy so little by little, it’s been getting better.Unfortunately, my nephew (who was also 6 months old) passed away a few weeks ago. He had been in poor health since birth but it’s still obviously devastating for the entire family, especially my brother and SIL. They held the services the following weekend.I was in consistent contact with my brother and we were discussing the funeral. He said he knew it was a lot to ask, but could we please not bring our daughter. I said I completely understood and didn’t even intend to. One, in my opinion, babies do not belong at funerals. Two, this is a funeral for a baby of a similar age. Why would one want to bring up that reminder? My brother said he knows how my wife is about leaving the baby so they understand if she can’t come.Well, my wife became irritated when she found out I “didn’t defend her”. She reminded me that she doesn’t trust anyone to take care of the baby outside me and my mom, who obviously have to be at the funeral. She doesn’t want to miss it either, but also won’t agree to leave the baby with anyone else. We have several family members on her side that we are close to, as well as good friends who also have kids. I said even if she just went to the service and not the gathering afterward, that’d just be an hour. She said no, she can’t handle the thought of leaving her with anyone else. I said that’s understandable and that clearly, my brother and SIL would rather her not come if it means not having a baby at the funeral. She continued to complain.Finally, I said she has two choices and she needs to make one, I don’t care which it is. I won’t’ hold it against her either way. One, either allow someone else to watch the baby for an hour. Two, stay home with the baby. She says that I’m not even pretending to be on her side and I said I’m not, because this isn’t even about us.My wife ended up staying home with the baby. When my mother and I returned later that afternoon, she shut us both out. Eventually, she calmed down but she has made comments here and there making it clear that she feels I should’ve tried to convince my brother to let the baby come. AITA?
Not the A-hole
AITA for kicking out my future in-laws after they lost and almost killed my dog?
I'm engaged to my fiancé Meg. I own a large home. Meg spends most time at my place but technically still has her own, we are in the process of moving her in with me this fall. Since my place has a lot of room and Meg's doesn't, I agreed to host her family from out of town for Thanksgiving. I'm going to be blunt: I do not like Meg's family. They are all extremely conservative, conspiracy theorist, low-key racist, "a woman's place is in the kitchen" types. Meg is very different from them but is close with them. She hasn't seen them in a year so I agreed that they could stay at my place for the holiday, because I can usually tolerate them enough.Wednesday morning, Meg's parents arrive, and things are fine. A few hours later, Meg's sister gets here. I have a dog named Lucy. This is my dog, not Meg's dog and not our dog; I had her for years before Meg was around and Meg is not a big fan of dogs, although she likes Lucy. I was in the bathroom when the sister pulled into the driveway. Meg's mom calls to me and says "I'm going to let Lucy out front to say hi to Meg's sister" to which I explicitly said "no, don't do that. She needs to be on a leash and I should handle her. Give me a minute and I can come help but leave her inside." I know she heard me because she said ok. 2 minutes later, Meg comes screaming saying that her mom let Lucy outside and she ran away down the street. I ran out of the house and got in my car to drive after her, but I could never find her. I drove all around my neighborhood and adjacent neighborhoods trying to find her all day but I just couldn't. She had my number on her collar but I was terrified she was gone or got hit by a car or something. Meg drove around in her car some throughout the day too but her parents and sister did nothing, they just spent the day alone at my house. I went home and slept and then resumed the search in the morning on Thursday, Thanksgiving day.I continued searching and got a call in the afternoon that someone found Lucy. I went and got her and she was a mess; she had several bite marks and was bleeding in several places. I think she got in a fight with a wild animal. I took her to the ER immediately and they patched her up and she will pull through luckily, but that process took a long time so I didn't get home until Thursday night.Today I was exhausted and basically locked myself in my room with Lucy to watch her. Meg's dad knocked on my door and told me to be a man, and that the dog was back and it was just a stupid dog so who cares. I told them all to leave right now. Meg was upset and said they didn't have anywhere, and I said I don't care but they can't be at my home. They eventually left after I threatened calling the cops. Meg left with them and texted that it was rude for offering my home and then kicking them out, and they made an honest mistake. I felt that her mom did not listen to what I told her, and Lucy needs quiet alone time to recover, and I never even got an apology. AITA?
Not the A-hole
AITA for slut-shaming a slut-shamer?
I admit this is petty but some mutual friends think I’m the AH and it doesn’t really seem to rise to the level of AH to me so another opinion would be helpful.I (19F) am not sexually active by choice.  Not for any moral reason, I just want to focus on uni without extra complications and I’d rather my first be with someone I care about and feel completely comfortable with. Guys get weird about it when sex comes up. Either they fetishize it, turn it into a challenge, or lose interest. The guys that get all excited about a “0 bodycount” are the woooorst and it’s my #1 dating pet peeve.There is a guy we’ll call Bob that hangs around my friend group because he’s one of the other guy’s roommate. Bob has good moments, but he acts like a major douche-canoe when dating or sex comes up. Brags about sleeping with a lot of girls, but also looks down on them for being loose. I try to avoid Bob.Anyway, Bob asked me out before Thanksgiving break. Like two days before that, I heard him talking to one of the guys about a  girl he went on a date with and he said he hit it and quit it because he doesn’t date sluts. So when Bob asked me out, I said no thanks. He pressed for a reason and I told him that I heard him talk about all his hookups and I don’t date sluts. You should have seen the look on his face. He said it wasn’t really that many and he was exaggerating a little, I’m “wife material” so he’s not looking to hookup. I said if his body count was over 0 he was too easy to be husband material.Bob lost his shit about it and the friend group is split. Some think it’s hilarious and Bob got a taste of his own medicine, others think it was wrong to slut-shame him even if he is kind of a bellend.
Not the A-hole
AITA for refusing to go in another room so my fiancé and the baby could sleep alone?
My fiancé "Jen" (29f) just gave birth to our daughter 2 months ago. She strictly breastfeeds, so as you can imagine, she gets far less sleep than I do. During the day I help with changing or holding her but all feedings are up to Jen (the baby outright refuses a bottle- we have tried several times, but ultimately we are both okay with this).Anyways, I'm kind of a independent start up video game developer. I did make one video game 2 years ago but it honestly wasn't that great. So while I do get revenue from it, it's definitely not much or even a liveable wage. This time around however I'm working with 4 other people and the game is turning out great. I also work a 9-5. But after getting home, having dinner with my fiancé and looking after the baby for awhile, I jump on and work on the game.For the past 2-3 nights I have been up til 1-2am working on the game and I have been ultra tired. I snore like a maniac when I'm tired. It's super embarrassing because I truly sound like a mack truck. But yesterday the baby had her 2 months shots and she was so fussy. Cried way more than normal. It was super hard for my fiancé to get her to sleep. I finally went to bed around 2am and my fiancé immediately asked me to sleep on the couch so I wouldn't wake the baby with my snoring. I said no. I was so tired and the couch is not comfortable at all. I had to work early. I wanted to sleep. She didn't fight it but she called me a "fucking prick" and walked out of the room with the baby. I woke up this morning to the baby in the crib in the nursery and my fiancé asleep on the floor with no pillows/blankets. She still won't talk to me.
Asshole
AITA for pretending to not understand Japanese and making a kid cry?
